Added support of Nginx. Fix admin static files (#4)
lemonsaurus/django-starter: README.md

- A basic `Pipfile` with some useful packages and scripts.
- A `docker-compose` file that allows hot-seat reloading and includes a PostgreSQL database that will automatically hook up to your Django app.
- `gunicorn` for launching your webapp with several workers and threads. Makes it more scalable, basically. 

> - 'nginx' for serving your static files. Run 'python manage.py collectstatic --noinput' in your project's directory

Reviewer: For consistency, let's use backticks here. 

```suggestion
- `nginx` for serving your static files. Run `python manage.py collectstatic --noinput` in your project's directory
```

Reviewer: Also - I think you should add more information about the collectstatic command. What does it do? Why are we asking the user to run it?

Author: Done
